How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I was able to see the bug because of the abbreviated code which made it easier to compare

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    To compare the old and new versions of the code

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The automatic save feature in docs is much more convenient, however, in Git you can choose when you save which gives you much more freedom.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    They have this feature to allow for comparison between versions for programming but google docs is not meant for programming so that would just be weird.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    you can plug it into the terminal and plug in the commands.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    because you can always go back and fix it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

     I would like to use Git to make a website.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
      You can save time for accessing older versions of your code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
      I think this feature is very effective because at different points in a project it might make more sense to commit at different times which you are in control of

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
  I think Git has this feature because it is meant for efficient programming unlike Google Docs which is made for individual documents.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
  git log can be used to list the changes made and get diff can help you find the actual changes made in the code.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
      You can make changes without being worried about losing the correct code since you can go back to the original code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
